HARI SREENIVASAN: The nation's
new attorney
general has spent this day under
growing fire.
And now, Jeff Sessions says
someone else will
oversee any investigation of
Russian meddling
in the election and of contacts
between the
Trump campaign and the Russians.
Lisa Desjardins begins our
coverage.
LISA DESJARDINS: The new
attorney general,
three weeks on the job, came to
the Justice
Department briefing room this
afternoon to
make his statement.
JEFF SESSIONS, U.S. Attorney
General: My staff
recommended recusal.
They said that, since I had
involvement with
the campaign, I should not be
involved in
any campaign investigation.
I have studied the rules and
considered their
comments and evaluation.
I believe those recommendations
are right
and just.
Therefore, I have recused myself
in the matters
that deal with the Trump
campaign.
LISA DESJARDINS: This after The
Washington
Post reported that, during the
campaign, when
Jeff Sessions was a senator and
Trump campaign
adviser, he met with the Russian
ambassador
to the U.S. twice.
Then-Senator Sessions had more
than 25 conversations
with foreign ambassadors last
year.
Two of those were with Sergey
Kislyak, the
Russian envoy.
At his news conference, Sessions
took issue
with any suggestion of
impropriety.
JEFF SESSIONS: Let me be clear:
I never had
meetings with Russian operatives
or Russian
intermediaries about the Trump
campaign.
LISA DESJARDINS: He also
defended answers
he gave during his Senate
confirmation.
Minnesota Democrat Al Franken
cited U.S. intelligence
documents.
SEN.
AL FRANKEN (D), Minnesota: These
documents,
also allegedly, say -- quote --
"There was
a continuing exchange of
information during
the campaign between Trump
surrogates and
intermediaries for the Russian
government."
JEFF SESSIONS: Senator Franken,
I'm not aware
of any of those activities.
I have been called a surrogate
at a time or
two in that campaign, and I did
not have communications
with the Russians.
LISA DESJARDINS: This afternoon,
Sessions
said he never meant to be
misleading.
JEFF SESSIONS: My reply to the
question of
Senator Franken was honest and
correct as
I understood it at the time.
I appreciate that some have
taken the view
that this was a false comment.
That is not my intent.
That is not correct.
LISA DESJARDINS: But Democrats
in Congress
weren't buying it.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck
Schumer:
SEN.
CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY), Minority
Leader: I don't
think that is the way most think
people would
interpret it.
And that's why we need to have a
thorough
investigation.
LISA DESJARDINS: Schumer and
House Minority
Leader Nancy Pelosi demanded
that Sessions
resign.
SEN.
CHUCK SCHUMER: The standard for
remaining
attorney general and certainly
for conducting
investigations is not just, did
you break
the law?
You have to be above reproach.
REP.
NANCY PELOSI (D-CA), House
Minority Leader:
He has proved that he is
unqualified and unfit
to serve in that position of
trust.
LISA DESJARDINS: Seventeen
Democrats on the
House Judiciary Committee
formally asked for
a criminal investigation of
Sessions for allegedly
lying to Congress.
Democrats are also pushing for a
special prosecutor
in the case.
But there was also pressure from
Republicans.
Several called for Sessions to
recuse himself
from the Russia investigation
before he eventually
did so.
But Speaker of the House Paul
Ryan played
down such talk.
REP.
PAUL RYAN (R-WI), Speaker of the
House: Asked
him questions.
But, honestly, we meet with
ambassadors all
the time.
I mean, I did a reception about
100 yards
that way with like 100
ambassadors last year.
LISA DESJARDINS: And this
afternoon, Sessions'
boss weighed in, in Newport
News, Virginia,
aboard the aircraft carrier
Gerald R. Ford.
QUESTION: Mr. President, do you
still have
confidence in the attorney
general?
DONALD TRUMP, President of the
United States:
Total.
LISA DESJARDINS: The president
said he believes
Sessions probably did speak
truthfully to
the Senate.
He also said he didn't think
Sessions should
recuse himself, but, 90 minutes
later, the
attorney general did just that.
The revelations come just two
weeks after
then-National Security Adviser
Michael Flynn
was forced out.
He'd told Vice President Mike
Pence that he
didn't meet discuss sanctions
with a Russian
official, when, in fact, he had.
And in a further development,
The New York
Times reported today officials
in the Obama
administration rushed to spread
intelligence
of any contacts between the
Trump campaign
and the Russians before leaving
office.
Their goal?
To ensure a trail remained for
investigators.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Lisa
Desjardins joins me
now.
Lisa, this happened late in the
afternoon,
about a 4:00 press conference.
What was the reaction to this
from the people
on the Hill that you have spoken
to?
LISA DESJARDINS: There's a full
spectrum of
reaction on Capitol Hill, Hari.
There are some Republicans who
say they do
not believe that Attorney
General Sessions
should have recused himself.
These are folks that are his
colleagues.
They see him as an honest man.
And they were saying all day
long that he
shouldn't do anything new.
But there are other Republicans
who will tell
you privately that they are
relieved, that
they saw this as a problem for
their party,
especially at a time when
they're trying to
focus on other things, like, oh,
the Affordable
Care Act.
Those Republicans, one told me
privately,
are hoping that this means there
will be a
pause in the daily questions
they have been
receiving on Russia.
And that brings us to the third
reaction up
here, Democrats.
They have a different plan.
They do not plan on pausing
these questions.
And, in fact, House and Senate
Minority Leaders
Pelosi and Schumer instantly
sent out responses
saying that they are again
demanding a special
prosecutor.
They say that Attorney General
Sessions' recusal
just adds to the need for a
special prosecutor.
And they are still calling for
him to resign.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right, so
it sounds
like some critics are doubling
down.
What about some of the reports
that we also
had later this afternoon about
more meetings
between members of the Trump
camp and Russians?
LISA DESJARDINS: These were new
developments
today as well.
The New York Times reporting,
quoting a White
House official, Hope Hicks, as
confirming
that Jared Kushner, President
Trump's son-in-law
and a senior adviser, was at a
meeting with
the Russian ambassador, and
Michael Flynn,
the former national security
adviser, at Trump
Tower.
This gets confusing, because now
we're seeing
more and more players here, but
this is significant,
because now we're adding more
members of the
Trump team who were meeting with
this Russian
ambassador.
At that point, it was Kushner,
Flynn and the
ambassador at Trump Tower in
December.
That's when the Obama
administration was working
on ramping up sanctions, a very
critical timeline
there.
And I think overall it just adds
to the map
in this entire kind of
Russia-Trump situation.
But I will say the White House
says that Mr.
Kushner met with many
international dignitaries,
and the Russian ambassador was
just one.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Lisa Desjardins
joining us from Capitol Hill,
thanks so much.
In the day's other news: The
president carried
his call for a major military
buildup to a
U.S. Navy audience.
Mr. Trump spoke aboard the newly
built aircraft
carrier Gerald R. Ford in
Newport News, Virginia,
and touted his plan for Naval
expansion.
DONALD TRUMP: After years of
endless budget
cuts, that have impaired our
defenses, I am
calling for one of the largest
defense spending
increases in history.
Our military requires sustained,
stable funding
to meet the growing needs placed
on our defense.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The
president's draft budget
calls for boosting overall
defense spending
by $54 billion, or 10 percent.
The U.S. struck hard at al-Qaida
militants
today in Yemen, with more than
20 airstrikes.
Local officials reported at
least nine suspected
militants were killed.
The Pentagon says the strikes
targeted fighters,
weapons and equipment in a
remote mountainous
region.
It follows a raid in January
when a U.S. Navy
SEAL died and a number of Yemeni
civilians
were killed.
Meanwhile, al-Qaida confirmed
today that a
U.S. drone strike killed its
second-in command,
Abu Al-Khayr Al-Masri, in Syria
last Sunday.
A suspected U.S. drone strike
killed two Taliban
militants in Northwest Pakistan
today.
They were hit in a tribal region
near the
Afghan border.
It is the first such strike
ordered since
President Trump took office.
In Syria, the government
announced it has
fully recaptured the ancient
city of Palmyra
from the Islamic State group
again.
Syrian army troops drove out the
militants
for the second time in a year.
They were backed by Hezbollah
fighters from
Lebanon and Russian airstrikes.
ISIS fighters have already
destroyed many
of Palmyra's ancient Roman
sites.
An international family planning
conference
raised nearly $200 million today
for family
planning initiatives.
That's after President Trump
reinstated a
U.S. ban -- a ban on U.S.
funding for organizations
with any link to abortion,
representatives
from some 50 nations at a
conference in Brussels
dubbed She Decides.
ALEXANDER DE CROO, Belgian
Deputy Premier:
I think that the Trump
administration decision
is the wrong decision.
And I have never seen any
evidence that supports
that decision, but we have a
voice and we
have a choice.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Conference
organizers say
the U.S. funding cutoff left a
global shortfall
of about $600 million for family
planning
efforts.
Back in this country, the
Environmental Protection
Agency dropped a requirement
that oil and
gas interests report information
on methane
emissions.
The Obama administration issued
that rule
in November.
In a statement, the new EPA
administrator,
Scott Pruitt, said withdrawing
the rule will
ease burdens on business, while
he conducts
a full review.
Two more Cabinet officers took
their seats
today.
The Senate confirmed Ben Carson
to be secretary
of housing and urban development
and Rick
Perry to be energy secretary.
They were sworn in this
afternoon by Vice
President Pence.
Carson is a retired neurosurgeon
who ran for
president last year.
Perry is a former governor of
Texas.
The new interior secretary, Ryan
Zinke, made
a memorable entrance today for
his first day
on the job.
The former Montana congressman
rode a National
Park Service horse several
blocks to department
headquarters.
Once there, he dismounted to
greet hundreds
of staffers.
And on Wall Street, stocks gave
back a big
chunk of yesterday's big gains,
as investors
took profits.
The Dow Jones industrial average
lost 112
points, but still managed to
stay above 21000.
The Nasdaq fell nearly 43
points, and the
S&P 500 slipped 14.
We will have more on the
markets' bull run
later in the program.
Also ahead on the "NewsHour": a
closer look
at the implications of Jeff
Sessions' meeting
with the Russian ambassador; a
shoe company
upending the traditional
business model with
a little fun; and much more.
The reaction to Attorney General
Jeff Sessions'
announcement late this afternoon
was swift.
Critics say his decision to
recuse himself
from any current and future
investigations
into the Trump campaign's
dealings with Russia
doesn't go far enough.
One of those critics, Democratic
Senator Richard
Blumenthal of Connecticut, he
serves on the
Judiciary and Armed Services
Committee and
joins us now.
Senator Blumenthal, why isn't it
far enough?
SEN.
RICHARD BLUMENTHAL (D),
Connecticut: It is
nowhere near far enough, because
he owes an
explanation to the Judiciary
Committee.
He should be brought back to the
Judiciary
Committee and give an
explanation as to why
he omitted and denied key
relevant facts in
the course of our hearing on his
nomination.
If he fails to provide a
credible explanation,
he should resign.
And it's also nowhere near
enough, because
the scope of his recusal is
still somewhat
undefined.
He referred to the campaign, but
really the
investigation from which he
should recuse
himself relates to the entire
cyber-attack
and act of cyber-warfare on our
democratic
institutions and the potential
complicity,
connection, contact between the
Trump transition,
as well as the campaign, and the
administration
since the inaugural with the
Russians.
And, as more news develops, the
Jared Kushner
meeting, for example, the need
for that broader
recusal becomes all the more
necessary.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Senator, if
you can get
the attorney general back in
front of your
committee, what more do you hope
to learn
from him?
SEN.
RICHARD BLUMENTHAL: First and
foremost, why
he denied meetings that clearly
he recalled
and that were relevant to the
investigation.
What was said during those
meetings?
What does his staff recall, and
what do their
notes reflect, and what
connection was to
the Russians involving those
conversations
involving the cyber-attack on
the United States,
our democratic institutions?
Make no mistake.
This cyber-attack was an act of
warfare on
the United States.
And the potential complicity of
Trump Organization
or campaign or administration
officials is
very, very serious.
And the American people deserve
the truth.
It needs to be uncovered.
The cover-up, if there is one,
would be as
bad or worse than the crime
itself, because
we need to deter this kind of
attack going
forward.
HARI SREENIVASAN: What about the
attorney
general's defense that he was
answering the
question that he was asked and
nothing more?
SEN.
RICHARD BLUMENTHAL: Looking at
the record,
he was asked that question not
just once,
but several times during his
testimony.
He was asked that question not
just once,
but several times in writing.
And to say that he may have
misunderstood
the question, when, in fact,
everybody knows
he had to have been prepped for
that question,
it was an obvious and
challenging question
that had to be briefed to him,
and he had
to go through that preparation.
And remember also Jeff Sessions
is a prosecutor,
as I was United States attorney
for Connecticut,
the chief federal prosecutor,
state attorney
general of Connecticut.
We know the importance of every
word under
oath.
And so I find that explanation
inadequate.
HARI SREENIVASAN: If the recusal
is not enough,
is a special counsel necessary?
SEN.
RICHARD BLUMENTHAL: A special
prosecutor is
absolutely necessary.
And that raises another
question: How will
that special counsel or
prosecutor be chosen?
And it should be someone who is
completely
independent, impartial,
objective, a professional
who can uncover the truth and
follow the facts
and the evidence wherever they
lead.
And they may lead to the
attorney general.
They could lead higher and to
other administration
officials.
That appointment or designation
will be critical
to the trust and credibility of
the Department
of Justice.
Remember, the attorney general
of the United
States and the Department of
Justice are not
just any Cabinet position or
agency in the
government.
They are responsible for law
enforcement.
They are the legal conscience
and moral compass
of our federal enforcement
establishment and
even of the nation in many
respects.
And they need to be beyond doubt
or reproach.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Should there
be an investigation
into perjury of your former
colleague?
SEN.
RICHARD BLUMENTHAL: The
investigation should
be into any violation of law
that has occurred
by anyone.
And it should be by a special
prosecutor who
will uncover the truth, so that
the American
people know about the
cyber-attacks on this
nation and know about any
cooperation or complicity
or support the Russians received
from anybody
in the United States.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The attorney
general today,
along with Speaker Ryan and
others, said,
listen, this is part of the job
as a senior
member of the Senate Armed
Services Committee.
They meet with ambassadors all
the time.
SEN.
RICHARD BLUMENTHAL: This
ambassador was from
Russia at the height of the
political campaign
and of the Russian interference
and cyber-attack
on this nation, through not only
hacking into
the Democratic and Republican
National Committees,
but also the campaign propaganda
and misinformation
and fake news.
So, the contacts with the
ambassador in terms
of timing, who it was, what
country and what
was going on is certainly more
than just routine.
I have never met with the
Russian ambassador.
And the meeting here is
certainly more than
just a passing occurrence.
HARI SREENIVASAN: But how do you
fix this
in the future?
If members of Congress should be
meeting with
diplomats or foreign dignitaries
when they're
interested or in the interest of
their constituents,
should there be a public record
of every one
of these meetings?
SEN.
RICHARD BLUMENTHAL: The safer
course might
have been to have a public
record or to postpone
the meeting.
One of the questions to be asked
of Attorney
General Sessions is, why then,
what was discussed?
If it was as a member of the
Armed Services
Committee, what purpose was
there in the discussion?
Was it to discuss the Russians'
violation
of the 1987 ballistic missile
treaty, which
they are doing now?
Was it to discuss other acts of
aggression
in Ukraine and elsewhere in the
world?
What was discussed?
We have a right to those
explanations.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Senator
Richard Blumenthal
of Connecticut, thank you very
much.
SEN.
RICHARD BLUMENTHAL: Thank you.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Questions
about Attorney
General Sessions' meetings with
the Russian
ambassador aren't limited to
Capitol Hill.
We explore some of those now
with John McLaughlin,
a career intelligence official.
He was a former deputy director
of the CIA.
He was also acting director of
the agency
in 2004.
And Michael Mukasey, he served
as President
George W. Bush's attorney
general from 2007
to 2009.
Mr. Mukasey, I want to he start
with you.
At those hearings, at the
confirmation hearings
for Jeff Sessions, I noticed you
sat right
behind him.
I am assuming that you are in
support of his
recusal today.
MICHAEL MUKASEY, Former U.S.
Attorney General:
Yes.
I think that the step he took
was quite routine.
What he said is, if there is a
criminal investigation,
then I should recuse myself, and
I do recuse
myself.
And he pointed out that there is
-- there
are regulations and there's law
on that subject,
as contained in the code of
federal regulations.
And that was quite supportable
and quite routine.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Mr. Mukasey,
staying with
you for a second, Attorney
General Sessions
is somebody who is known for his
specificity
of word choice, and he expects
that, especially
of the people that are
testifying in front
of him.
So what do you think accounts
for either the
forgetfulness or not answering
the question?
Really, what's gotten us into
this?
MICHAEL MUKASEY: There was
neither forgetfulness
nor not answering oft question.
And if Senator Blumenthal is
looking for an
explanation of the response, he
ought to look
in the transcript of the hearing
before his
committee.
I hope he was paying attention.
The question that was asked by
Senator Franken
was related to contacts between
the Russians
and the Trump campaign relating
to the campaign.
And I have got the paper in
front of me.
He, among other things, quoted a
report that
said: "There was a continuing
exchange of
information during the campaign
between Trump
surrogates and intermediaries of
the Russian
government.
Now, again, I'm telling you this
as it's coming
out, so you know, but, if it's
true, it's
obviously extremely serious, and
if there
is any evidence that anyone
affiliated with
the Trump campaign communicated
with the Russian
government in the course of this
campaign,
what will you do?"
It's all related to that kind of
communication.
His response was: "Senator
Franken, I'm not
aware of any of these
activities.
I have been called as a
surrogate at a time
or two in that campaign, and I
did not have
communications with the
Russians.
I'm unable to comment on it."
The kind of communication that
Senator Franken
was asking about, that other
members of the
committee asked about, he didn't
have.
He had a meeting in September
with -- not
only with the Russian
ambassador, but with
about 20 or 21 other ambassadors
from other
countries, all discussing what
the possible
foreign relations of the United
States would
be in the Trump administration
going forward.
This was only one of a number of
meetings.
And if he wants to find out what
the content
of that meeting was, maybe he
can get a transcript
of the attorney general's press
conference
today, where he disclosed that
he had an argument
with the Russian ambassador
about Russian
activities in the Ukraine.
HARI SREENIVASAN: John
McLaughlin, was this
recusal enough?
JOHN MCLAUGHLIN, Former Acting
CIA Director:
I think it's the minimum that
the attorney
general can do in this
circumstance.
And I think it was the right
thing to do.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Should there
be more?
JOHN MCLAUGHLIN: At this point,
I wouldn't
recommend more.
I think Attorney General
Sessions is an honorable
man.
I think he made a mistake here.
One can argue endlessly about
whether it was
really a mistake or not.
The point is, the perception has
taken root,
and I think he had no choice but
to do a recusal.
I don't think that that is the
end of this
story.
And I don't think that the
administration
can investigate itself on this
issue.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Michael
Mukasey, I want
to ask you.
Then-Senator Sessions was one of
a group of
Trump supporters who took out an
op-ed and
said that they would like a
special counsel
to investigate then-Attorney
General Loretta
Lynch about her conversation
with President
Clinton on a tarmac, again,
during the campaign.
Why is this different?
MICHAEL MUKASEY: It's different
for a couple
reasons.
Number one, her conversation
with the former
president on a tarmac was
anything but routine.
He got onto her plane, I don't
know how, and
had a conversation, to which
there were no
witnesses, at a time when his
wife was under
investigation.
This is light years from that.
HARI SREENIVASAN: John
McLaughlin, the attorney
general said today that, look,
he -- as a
senator -- and I asked this of
Richard Blumenthal
as well -- this is commonplace
for them to
meet with ambassadors.
Why is this particular
conversation with this
particular individual, why
should that be
treated differently?
JOHN MCLAUGHLIN: Well, I think
this is entirely
about context.
They're right.
People meet with ambassadors all
the time
all over Washington, and
certainly senators
do.
The context here is one that of
a president
who has been elected in an
environment where
he clearly spoke favorably often
about Russia,
where there are questions that
remain about
his relationship with Russia.
Leave aside whether there's
anything to it
or not, those questions are
there.
There's an evidentiary base for
raising them.
And it's in that context that
the meeting
with Ambassador Kislyak gains
salience and
prominence and stands out and is
worth talking
about.
I think it's entirely that.
And I think, ultimately, we will
need either
a special prosecutor or a
9/11-type commission
to get to the bottom of this.
And I think those options would
be ones that
would actually favor the
fortunes of the Republican
Party and the nation as a whole.
HARI SREENIVASAN: How so?
JOHN MCLAUGHLIN: Well, I think,
you know,
this is going to hang around the
party's neck
and around the president's neck
unless there
is an absolutely, certain,
dispassionate view
by independent observers of what
happened
here, a determination.
Among other things, at some
point -- and I
think the president has the
right idea when
he says, our relationship with
Russia needs
to be improved.
I was in Russia in October, and
I saw just
how bad it is.
It really is very close to a
second Cold War.
At that time, I came back and
said, look,
we're only one miscalculation
away from a
shooting war somewhere with
these people.
It's that tense.
So, the problem is, for the
president, though,
in trying to maneuver into a
different kind
of relationship, a more
effective, cooperative
relationship with Russia, it's
going to hang
around his neck.
And people will not trust
whatever he comes
up with in that relationship
with Russia,
unless this is all put to rest.
And I doubt, personally, that
the Congress
can do this, because it's too
politically
hot.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Michael
Mukasey, what about
that point?
For the good of the party, for
the integrity
of the office, should there be
an independent
counsel or a special prosecutor
assigned to
this?
MICHAEL MUKASEY: A special
prosecutor would
have to specially prosecute a
crime.
And so far as I'm aware, nobody
has identified
any crime that was committed
here.
We don't have people who are
independent of
a government.
We have a Constitution that
establishes three
branches of government.
One is Article I.
That's the Congress.
Article II is the executive.
And Article III is the
judiciary.
You have got to be in one or the
other.
There's no such thing as a
free-flying independent
investigation.
You can have an investigation
that's conducted
by a special counsel, if that's
warranted,
but first somebody has to
identify the commission
of a crime and identify evidence
of a crime.
And so far that hasn't happened.
The only crime that was
committed here is
the hacking by the Russians.
Nobody is denying that.
But that's not the subject, as I
understand
it, of the current dispute.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Mr. Mukasey,
staying with
you for a second, something I
sort of asked
Mr. McLaughlin as well.
Adam Entous of The Washington
Post said today
they reached out to all -- they
reached all
26 members of the Senate Armed
Services Committee,
and Sessions was the only one
that met with
Kislyak from Russia.
Does that raise any flags?
MICHAEL MUKASEY: No, because he
met also with
about 20 or 25 other
ambassadors.
I think the reason they sought
out those meetings
-- and it was Kislyak who sought
out the meeting,
as did the other ambassadors --
was that,
by that time, Senator Sessions
was involved
in the campaign.
They wanted to know what the
American foreign
policy would be.
And all of those ambassadors met
sequentially,
one after another, with Senator
Sessions to
dope out what the foreign policy
of a Trump
administration would be if Mr.
Trump were
elected and to see if they could
press their
points of view.
Apparently, Kislyak pressed his
point of view
on the subject of Ukraine with
no great success,
as was reported today by the
attorney general.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Mr.
McLaughlin, I finally
want to ask you, what about
reports that members
of the Obama administration left
essentially
an intelligence trail of bread
crumbs or made
sure that certain matters were
at different
levels of clearance, so that
they could be
accessed later on?
JOHN MCLAUGHLIN: Yes, I have
heard that reporting.
Of course, we don't know from
the reporting
precisely what they were
leaving, the nature
of the reports, other than the
allegation
by, I guess, anonymous sources
again that
they somehow showed a
relationship between
campaign officials of Trump's
campaign and
the Russians.
I think what the Obama
administration was
doing here is, I don't think
they had come
-- this is my view -- I don't
think they had
come to a firm conclusion that
there was complicity,
but they saw enough to raise the
question
in their mind and to convince
them that some
further investigation was
required.
And I suspect they believed,
once again in
that context that I described,
that, should
Trump be elected, someone would
have an impulse
to not pursue this.
So, I think they were just
trying the guarantee
that it would continue to be
pursued.
HARI SREENIVASAN: John
McLaughlin, Michael
Mukasey, thank you both.
Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour": why
the stock
market just keeps going up;
seeing war through
the lens of art; and a brief
take on what
it's like to be a female
comedian.
But first: You might know
retailer Zappos
for the shoes it sells and its
emphasis on
customer service.
What you may not know about is
its quirky
corporate culture, and why the
company is
banking on that for its
long-term success.
Our economics correspondent,
Paul Solman,
reports, as part of his weekly
series, Making
Sense, which airs every
Thursday.
WOMAN: Definitely the best
port-a-potty experience
I have ever had.
PAUL SOLMAN: From its Porta
Party P.R. to
its campus in downtown Vegas,
Zappos, the
online shoe monger, is devoted
to different.
JASON BROWN, Zappos: Let me give
you these
three rules about wearing
wallflowers, as
we like to call them.
PAUL SOLMAN: Wallflowers?
JASON BROWN: Wallflowers,
because you see
we have got the wall?
And we call them wallflowers.
PAUL SOLMAN: Front desk dress
code enforcer
Jason Brown gives visitors three
options.
JASON BROWN: First one is to
take it off if
it holds sentimental value to
you.
The next one is to wear it
around your head
in a bandana, John Rambo-style.
And then the last one is to cut,
and it becomes
part of the collection.
PAUL SOLMAN: Thankfully, my tie
was deemed
passably peculiar and thus
spared a spot on
the wall.
Amidst decor both seasonal,
lanterns for Chinese
new year, and longstanding, like
the ShoeZaphone.
Tony Hsieh took over Zappos 17
years ago,
after selling his online ad
network, LinkExchange,
to Microsoft for a cool $265
million.
TONY HSIEH, CEO, Zappos: What a
lot of people
actually don't know is the real
reason why
we ended up selling the company.
PAUL SOLMAN: And that is?
TONY HSIEH: And it's because the
company culture
just ended up going completely
downhill.
I myself dreaded getting out of
bed in the
morning to go to my own company.
PAUL SOLMAN: History wouldn't
repeat itself,
Hsieh vowed.
So, at Zappos, culture comes
first.
And that starts with hiring
people who will
fit.
PAUL BROWN: I remember coming
in, and one
of the things was, we're not
trying to hire
based off of your education.
We want to hire based off of
someone I would
want to go have a beer with
after lunch.
PAUL SOLMAN: Well, I would want
to have a
beer with you, and I barely know
you.
PAUL BROWN: Yes.
I wouldn't have a beer.
We could have a shot.
(LAUGHTER)
PAUL SOLMAN: Zappos' core values
are an obsession:
embrace change, be humble,
create fun and
a little weirdness.
Musician Tyler Williams heard it
was harder
to get into Zappos than Harvard.
So to be more than a face in the
crowd, he
sent a video valentine.
And when it earned him an
interview:
TYLER WILLIAMS, Zappos: I think
one of the
craziest questions is they
asked, on a scale
of one to 10, how weird are you?
So, I'm a definitely a 10 on
that scale, so
I was worried I was a little too
weird for
Zappos.
PAUL SOLMAN: Nope, Williams is
now a fungineer,
the brains behind company galas
and other
so-called experiences, like Tutu
Tuesdays.
TYLER WILLIAMS: We -- probably
at the pinnacle
of its popularity, we had 50, 60
people that
would wear tutus on Tuesday.
PAUL SOLMAN: Another core value,
build a positive
team and family spirit.
TYLER WILLIAMS: So, we put these
games on
the elevator to hopefully...
PAUL SOLMAN: Ah.
TYLER WILLIAMS: That was good --
to hopefully
stop and play the game, have
collisions, have
conversations, and get off on
the wrong floor,
so people would visit different
areas that
they normally wouldn't.
PAUL SOLMAN: Zappos invests
lavishly in morale.
Impress a colleague and H.R.
will pay you
Zollars to redeem for Zappos
swag.
Each month, employees can reward
a co-worker
with a $50 company bonus for
going above and
beyond.
And company largess begets acts
of random
kindness.
LETHA MYLES, Zappos: I took a
picture of a
particular bouquet that I liked,
and I posted
on Facebook, like, oh, I love
flowers.
PAUL SOLMAN: Letha Myles started
in customer
service nine years ago.
LETHA MYLES: The next day, there
was a bouquet
of flowers sitting on my desk,
along with
a note saying: "You make us
smile, so we thought
we would make you smile."
PAUL SOLMAN: Birthday balloons
abound.
Cubicle self-expression is de
rigueur.
But, look, what can the business
rationale
be for all this?
Why would Amazon pay more than a
billion dollars
for Zappos in 2009 and then let
it spend so
generously for so long just to
make its employees
happy?
TONY HSIEH: I think it's pretty
hard to give
great, amazing service if you're
an unhappy
employee.
PAUL SOLMAN: Turns out Zappos'
business is
service.
It started with shoes, as Amazon
did with
books, aims to branch out.
TONY HSIEH: We have talked about
one day there
could be a Zappos airlines or a
Zappos hotel
that's just about the very best
customer service
and customer experience.
PAUL SOLMAN: Well-known service,
like the
365-day free shipping return
policy, managed
by customer service reps who
start at $14
an hour and comprise a third of
all employees
and above-and-beyond service.
Two flight attendants told me
Zappos, when
asked, sent pizza to an
auditorium full of
new JetBlue hires.
TONY HSIEH: In fact, we just had
our longest
phone call ever, which was well
over 10 hours'
long.
PAUL SOLMAN: Ten hours?
TONY HSIEH: Yes.
PAUL SOLMAN: But what were they
talking about?
TONY HSIEH: I wasn't there, but
I think they
-- they bonded.
PAUL SOLMAN: So, for you, to
hear that somebody
spent 10 hours on the phone with
a customer
bonding, that's a good thing,
not a waste
of time?
TONY HSIEH: That's an amazing
thing.
PAUL SOLMAN: But what's the
payoff?
TONY HSIEH: 2008 was the first
year we hit
a billion dollars in gross
merchandise sales.
We're doing several times that
now.
And the number one driver
through all that
history has been through repeat
customers
and word of mouth.
PAUL SOLMAN: So, Amazon has kept
hands-off,
while Zappos proselytizes its
happy, weird
ways, offering daily tours and
advising companies
that want to emulate it.
Now CEO Hsieh can be impish.
TONY HSIEH: Rachel, do you want
me to leave?
Get it?
Leave?
PAUL SOLMAN: But he can also be
seriously
controversial.
He's introduced a system called
holacracy
that, among other things, does
away with bosses
entirely.
All Zappos' 1,500 employees now
belong to
some 500 self-governing teams
called circles.
CHRIS PEAKE, Zappos: We're going
to start
like we do every holacracy
meeting with a
check-in round.
Just call out your distractions.
Get here, get ready to process
some tensions
today and share what you know
with others.
WOMAN: I'm only distracted
because I have
a super long day of meetings.
WOMAN: I'm super, super
distracted because
the application window is open
for intern
candidates again for the summer,
which means
we have thousands and thousands
of applicants,
in the span of a week, up to
like 5,000.
PAUL SOLMAN: So-called tactical
meetings are
run by a facilitator, according
to a rigid
format, using holacratic lingo.
CHRIS PEAKE: Let's move on to
triage, you
guys.
You can just go ahead and yell
those tensions
out.
And, Rachel, as our secretary,
will go ahead
and capture those for you.
PAUL SOLMAN: In the closing
round, kudos for
efficiency.
CHRIS PEAKE: A ton of actions.
We covered seven items in less
than a half-an-hour,
and we have like a zillion
outputs, which
is really great, but, with that,
everyone
have a great day.
PAUL SOLMAN: Chris Peake helped
with the holacracy
rollout.
CHRIS PEAKE: I would say the
best thing about
this process is the commitment
to action and
projects and the transparency to
those.
I would say probably the most
challenging,
with Zappos' culture, you
introduced a really
rigid process within meeting
spaces.
PAUL SOLMAN: Hsieh believes
self-management
is key to Zappos' longevity,
allowing it to
grow not like a top-down
corporation, but
a city.
TONY HSIEH: Most companies, as
they get bigger,
they become less nimble, less
innovative,
less productive.
Every time the size of a city
doubles, innovation
or productivity per resident
increases by
15 percent.
When you get more people in a
relatively smaller
area in a city, then you get
this crossover
of ideas from different creative
types and
entrepreneurs and businesses.
PAUL SOLMAN: But
self-organization wasn't
for everyone.
So, two years ago, Hsieh offered
a liberal
severance package to those not
sold on the
new structure, in fact, to
everyone.
Eighteen percent took buyouts,
hiking the
firm's yearly turnover rate for
2015 to almost
30 percent, though there's
plenty of turnover
at customer service firms and
plenty in Las
Vegas, period.
But Letha Myles is sticking with
it.
LETHA MYLES: The people who
stayed are pretty
much saying that they're willing
to commit
to learning it and practicing
it.
You know, let's still remember,
we're friends,
we're family, and I think that
helps us stay
true to the process.
TYLER WILLIAMS: It felt like it
took the humanity
out of it.
But we have worked that back
into the process,
I feel.
And everybody's voice gets
heard, which, usually,
in the past, it was just the
loudest person
in the room, right?
PAUL SOLMAN: Williams points out
that Zappos
is now canine-friendly, because
it was deemed
safe enough to try, a key idea
in holacracy.
TYLER WILLIAMS: In the past,
that had been
shut down multiple times.
And through holacracy, we were
able to push
that through.
I know that's not a huge deal,
but it's a
big deal to our employees.
PAUL SOLMAN: But Hsieh thinks
self-management
will accomplish something much
bigger: saving
Zappos from the fate of most
large companies.
TONY HSIEH: If you look at the
Fortune 500
list, which I think came out in
1955 originally,
something like 85 percent, maybe
more, are
no longer on that list.
The default fate for most
companies is actually
death.
I want this company to still be
around 500
years from now.
PAUL SOLMAN: This is economics
correspondent
Paul Solman, still wearing my
tie, reporting
from Las Vegas.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Now let's turn
to the markets
and the remarkable rally of
late, one that's
led to new records since
President Trump was
elected.
William Brangham has the story.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: The Dow Jones
and other
indexes were already doing well
when Donald
Trump won the presidential
election.
In fact, from the lows of the
2008 financial
crisis through President Obama's
time in office,
the Dow climbed back by about
150 percent.
And while markets closed lower
today, the
overall jump of recent weeks has
accelerated
mightily, rising from just over
18000 on Election
Day to breaking 21000 this week.
In fact, it jumped by 1,000
points in just
24 days.
That's the quickest rise since
1999.
For some analysis of what's
happening, I'm
joined now by Neil Irwin.
He's an economics writer for The
New York
Times.
Welcome.
NEIL IRWIN, The New York Times:
Thanks.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Pretty amazing
market out
there right now.
Can you explain?
What is going on?
NEIL IRWIN: So, the simplest
version is, Donald
Trump is president.
His agenda is to cut corporate
taxes.
His agenda is to deregulate.
These are things that are good
for the bottom
line for major companies.
Throw in some more military
spending, maybe
some infrastructure spending,
that's good
for the bottom line for
corporate America.
Add in also, this is a global
economy the
is kind of getting on its feet
after a rough
couple of years, rough patch.
And you combine those things
into one period
of a few months, and that's how
you get these
kinds of rallies that we have
seen.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: As you say,
Donald Trump
certainly would like to take
credit and has
taken credit for this.
Does he deserve credit for this?
NEIL IRWIN: Yes, there is no
question that
the Trump agenda is something
that's making
stock investors confident,
that's leading
them to believe that after-tax
profits, which
is what matters if you're a
stock investor,
are going to be on the rise in
the years ahead.
Some of the math is pretty
simple.
If you're a bank and you can --
your capital
requirements gets dropped, if
you're a military
contractor and your military
spending gets
increased, that is going to go
straight to
your bottom line.
Lower taxes, good for the bottom
line . That's
all good for stocks.
So, there's no question that's
part of the
Trump agenda.
Now, that said, most of those
policies haven't
actually happened yet.
So there is still the question
of, will the
Trump administration deliver the
things that
Wall Street is now expecting?
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: It's an
anticipatory effect.
NEIL IRWIN: Exactly.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: You wrote
recently that
the real question is, how much
slack is there
in the economy?
What do you mean by slack, and
why is that
important?
NEIL IRWIN: Every economy, every
country has
some kind of economic speed
limit.
There's only so many people.
They can only produce so much
stuff.
The question for the economy is
how close
we are to that speed limit in
the United States.
How low can the unemployment
rate go?
How many more -- how much unused
capacity
is there in the manufacturing
sector?
And that's the big question
going forward.
Is there room for the economy to
grow 3 percent
or 4 percent, like Donald Trump
said he wanted
to see during the campaign?
Or are we pretty much as fast as
we can -- are
we growing as fast as we can,
something like
2 percent?
And that's the big question of
whether this
kind of outstanding growth that
is being priced
into financial markets really
can be delivered
in the years ahead.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Do you know
the answer to
that question?
If you had to guess, where are
we?
NEIL IRWIN: We're getting close.
Look, we're at under 5 percent
unemployment.
Now, there's a lot of people
outside the labor
market who might come back in.
So there is some slack out
there.
There is some room to grow, but
probably not
as much as there was a year or
two ago.
And that will become the binding
constraint
in these next couple of years.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: A booming
market is certainly
great if you're in that market,
but not all
sectors are booming equally.
How does this booming market
translate, though,
for people -- does it add to
growth that makes
a real impact in people's lives?
NEIL IRWIN: Look, stock wealth
is held predominantly
by the affluent, so the
distributional effects
of a higher stock market are
definitely not
even across the population.
That said, to the degree that a
higher stock
market, a rising sense of
confidence in corporate
America leads to more hiring,
more capital
expenditures, that can have
broad impacts.
So, there is reason -- if these
numbers hold
up, if what markets are pricing
in, in the
Trump administration actually
happens, that's
a good sign for growth, for job
growth, for
expansion of all kinds of
businesses.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Given this
economy and what
you know of Trump's proposed
policies, what
specifically about those
policies are you
looking most closely at?
NEIL IRWIN: I think it's
execution.
Is this big corporate income tax
cut that
the president says he wants to
see, is that
really going to happen?
How soon will it happen?
How big will it be?
On the regulatory front, how
much of the shift
away from regulation really will
be things
that benefit corporate America?
How much -- is there going to be
new infrastructure
spending?
He wants a trillion dollars.
Is that actually going to
happen?
Congress isn't so sure.
So seeing if some of these
things go from
an idea on a chalkboard to
actual legislation,
actual policy, that's the big
question right
now.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: I know you're
an analyst
and an economics writer, and you
don't buy
and sell stocks, but if you had
to be advising
me, do you think this rally is
going to continue?
Can it keep up like this?
NEIL IRWIN: Look, stocks are
priced for protection
right now.
They're very -- they're highly
priced relative
to earnings.
It's all prospective.
So, you're not buying current
earnings.
You're buying the future.
And the future is as uncertain
as it's ever
been.
That said, is there plenty of
reason to think
that earnings could grow as the
market is
now predicting?
Certainly.
To count on it, think it's
assured makes it
a bit of a risky bet.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: All right,
Neil Irwin of
The New York Times, thank you
very much.
NEIL IRWIN: Thank you.
HARI SREENIVASAN: This April
marks 100 years
since the United States joined
the side of
the Allies in World War I.
The Great War wasn't only joined
in the trenches,
but in the culture in different
ways as well.
An exhibit in Philadelphia
explores how American
artists grappled with a divisive
conflict
that produced powerful images
for and against
it.
Jeffrey Brown has the story.
JEFFREY BROWN: I Want You, about
as direct
as it gets, an iconic image from
World War
I.
The Flower of Death, an
evocative title for
a painting by an American
soldier named Claggett
Wilson, that captures some of
the close-up
horror of the war.
Just some of the ways American
artists responded
to a cataclysmic,
world-shattering and -shaping
event, the subject of a major
new exhibition
at the Pennsylvania Academy of
Fine Arts in
Philadelphia titled World War I
and American
Art.
Co-curator Robert Cozzolino:
ROBERT COZZOLINO, Co-Curator: At
heart, this
is a human interest story.
JEFFREY BROWN: You mean the
whole war, as
big as it was?
ROBERT COZZOLINO: You have these
artists who
are thinking, basically, here's
this huge
global conflict going on.
How do I make sense of it?
And how do I also bring it down
to a human
level and express either
dissent, an urgency
for America to take part in it,
or to just
express what's at stake?
JEFFREY BROWN: The Great War
began in Europe
in 1914.
The U.S. didn't join until three
years later,
after an intense public debate
over entering
a foreign conflict.
Artists weighed in on both
sides.
John Sloan's After the War, a
Medal, Maybe
a Job in 1914 was one of the
earliest anti-war
drawings.
Marsden Hartley was conflicted.
He lived in Germany and fell in
love with
a German military officer killed
in the war,
who Hartley depicted in a series
of paintings.
Childe Hassam on the other hand,
active in
the pro-interventionist movement
in New York,
streamed flags across his
canvasses in support
of the allies.
And George Bellows, an early
opponent of the
war, was moved to support it by
a U.S. government
report, later disputed, of
German atrocities.
ROBERT COZZOLINO: He's swayed
that he has
to show what happened.
JEFFREY BROWN: And he swayed,
big time, because
this is an atrocity painting,
right, on a
large scale.
ROBERT COZZOLINO: Yes, he makes
these history
paintings about this
contemporary event, and
he's showing the brutality of
these atrocities
being committed to citizens.
He's showing it at its most
visceral.
JEFFREY BROWN: More directly,
the U.S. government
commissioned artists to create
propaganda
posters as part of an agency to
influence
public opinion, calls to enlist
in the military,
and invest in the war effort,
questioning
the masculinity of fighting age
men, and the
consequences of inaction.
Anne Classen Knutson is another
of the show's
curators.
ANNE CLASSEN KNUTSON,
Co-Curator: You have
seen this image a hundred
different times,
and this is where it begins.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
ANNE CLASSEN KNUTSON: James
Montgomery Flagg,
a famous illustrator, created
Uncle Sam.
He loved himself so much, he
created Uncle
Sam in his own visage, so this
is James Montgomery
Flagg as Uncle Sam.
JEFFREY BROWN: Oh, really?
ANNE CLASSEN KNUTSON: "I want
you."
And it was so well-known, it was
reused over
and over again in the 20th
century.
JEFFREY BROWN: Right next to it,
though, a
very different kind of image.
ANNE CLASSEN KNUTSON: One of the
subtexts
of this, people before the war
were very worried
that immigrants were going to
come -- and
these are not my words -- these
are their
words -- and dilute our white
American bloodlines.
So this is an image of that,
that fear of
immigrants.
JEFFREY BROWN: Immigrants, and
also African-Americans,
I assume.
ANNE CLASSEN KNUTSON: Also using
-- Tarzan
was a hot topic at the time.
The novels were coming out, and
he was using
caricatures of African-
Americans as well.
And they were very feared during
the war and
not treated well.
JEFFREY BROWN: Other work from
the era countered
that imagery, showing a
normalized, patriotic
black life in a culture that
continued to
discriminate against it.
Kelli Morgan is a curatorial
fellow with academy.
KELLI MORGAN, Pennsylvania
Academy of Fine
Arts: We have families.
African-American people are,
like I said,
a very integral piece of the
American fabric,
that we are meant to be here.
This is our country, just as
much as it is
anybody else's.
And also to really show -- or to
play up that
narrative of, these are
America's sons.
These are America's husbands.
These are America's fathers,
just like their
white counterparts.
JEFFREY BROWN: Blacks served
with distinction
abroad, but faced renewed
discrimination back
home.
And soon after the war, race
riots broke out
around the country, a kind of
backlash, says
Morgan.
KELLI MORGAN: Because there was
a sense that
African-American men,
particularly veterans,
had kind of gotten out of their
place, so
this idea of bravery and
subjectivity and
autonomy in particular couldn't
stand.
JEFFREY BROWN: The war would be
represented
in numerous other ways.
Georgia O'Keeffe, conflicted
about the U.S.
role and worried about a brother
about to
be sent to fight, painted this
red flag enveloped
in smoke.
Official artists, including
George Harding,
were embedded in the fighting, a
first for
the U.S. military in a foreign
war.
ROBERT COZZOLINO: You get this
heightened
sense of what it must have felt
like to have
a tank running towards -- moving
towards the
trench you're in.
JEFFREY BROWN: Edward Steichen
served as an
aerial photographer, as planes
were used on
a wide scale in war for the
first time.
Photographs like these, shown in
newspapers,
influenced abstract paintings by
the likes
of John Marin.
One strikingly direct and
haunting use of
art in the war, masks made by
sculptor Anna
Coleman Ladd for disfigured
soldiers.
The painter Horace Pippin
fought, was injured,
and wrestled with the aftermath
of his experience
for years to come.
An African-American, he served
with the famed
Harlem Hellfighters, a renowned
infantry of
black soldiers.
ROBERT COZZOLINO: The war has
these echoes
for all the people who lived
through it into
the 1920s and '30s.
It stays with them and it
becomes an integral
part to the kinds of art that
they're making.
JEFFREY BROWN: Perhaps the most
famous artistic
image of World War I is the
epic, 20-foot-long
painting by John Singer Sargent
titled Gassed,
a line of wounded soldiers
blinded in a gas
attack, a mustard yellow pallor,
a game of
soccer in the background, as
life goes on,
while figures writhe in the
foreground.
ROBERT COZZOLINO: And it seemed
to him the
perfect analogy for the way
people have been
talking about the First World
War, the blind
leading the blind.
JEFFREY BROWN: In all, some 17
million soldiers
and civilians would die in the
war, including
more than 100,000 American
military personnel.
It brought huge changes, but
wasn't, as first
claimed, the war to end all
wars.
The exhibition's final room
shows work from
its aftermath, and two that
bookend its heights
and depths, the flag-waving
celebration of
George Benjamin Luks' Armistice
Night and
John Steuart Curry's Parade to
War allegory
from 1938, as soldiers again
march toward
a great foreign war, their faces
already becoming
skeletons, images of war that
reverberate
to today.
From the Pennsylvania Academy of
Fine Arts,
I'm Jeffrey Brown for the "PBS
NewsHour."
HARI SREENIVASAN: The World War
I exhibition
will travel next to New York in
the spring
and then to Nashville in the
fall.
Finally, our Brief But
Spectacular series,
where we ask interesting people
to share their
passions.
Tonight, comedian Michelle
Collins on the
abundance of white men hosting
late-night
talk shows.
MICHELLE COLLINS, Comedian: I'm
tall.
I come from tallish people.
I'm 6'1''.
In roller blades, I'm like
6'9''.
Its great for dating.
I have a lot of guys who are
like, we love
she's so big.
We love that so much.
(LAUGHTER)
MICHELLE COLLINS: What if I had
a full meltdown
and just, Barbara Walters,
started sobbing?
I am so happy with how life
turned out for
me.
It's great.
I found a place that sells long
jeans.
You know, ever since then, it's
been just
like really, really wonderful.
Like namaste, but classy.
I love makeup.
I'm a Sephora rouge member.
That means they just take it
directly out
of my paycheck.
When people are like, what's
your look, I
always say slutty panda.
Like, smoke me out here to the
hairline.
Do like a pop of gloss,
Amadeus-style, center
of the lips, and just push me
into traffic.
I love a contour.
Men are very unlucky, because,
if you are
like a bloated man, well, you're
pretty much
(EXPLETIVE DELETED).
You have to bleep it.
It's PBS.
Women, we can paint a day of the
dead skull
on top of our own face and
pretend that that
is what we look like.
My mom is my biggest publicist.
She is in Miami.
She used to work at J. Crew.
Her name is Judy (ph).
They called it Judy Crew.
Every time people came into J.
Crew, she,
with their pants, would like
submit a head
shot of mine, be like, enjoy
your cashmeres.
This is my daughter.
She lives in New York.
She's very successful.
The big picture for me has
always been having
my own late-night show.
Let me do that again
late-nighty.
It's all white guys hosting
late-night shows
right now.
It's fine.
I don't think it's a problem.
I love that Samantha Bee is
hosting "Full
Frontal" on TBS.
I just feel like talking about
white guys
in late night is the new white
guy on late
night.
It's so boring.
It's so played out.
We all know what's happening.
Let's just move on and change
it.
If you're a really funny woman,
of course
it's a great time right now.
I think it was a great time 10
years ago,
when you had Kathy Griffin; 20
you had Joan Rivers.
Can I be honest?
I find it annoying that funny
women always
have to talk about being a funny
woman.
It's frustrating to me, because
I feel like
I'm above that.
I'm a funny person.
Like, why do I have to now harp
on how many
funny women there are?
We're not charity cases.
We're talented.
It's, like, done.
I am Michelle Collins.
And this is my Brief But
Spectacular take
on stop asking me what it's like
to be a woman
in comedy.
HARI SREENIVASAN: You can find
more Brief
But Spectacular videos on our
Web site.
That's at
PBS.org/NewsHour/Brief.
Also on the "NewsHour" online
right now: With
a historic rise in fatal drug
overdoses and
a new president in the White
House, the future
is uncertain for programs trying
to combat
a growing public health crisis.
We offer an overview of how the
Trump administration
might change the war on opioids
on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
I'm Hari Sreenivasan.
Join us online and again here
tomorrow evening
with Mark Shields and David
Brooks.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and see you soon.